The problem that I have often observed is students not knowing who else has the same free period as them. I’ve seen people walking around by themselves, and coming up to other people as they are crossing the main field, hesitantly asking if they have a free. Many of my friends, including myself, go to the library and work when they can’t find anybody, but they would rather have been hanging out with someone else. Especially when someone is new to the school, they may feel nervous to make friends or go up to someone they know who is in a bigger group during a free, an awkward situation that one of my friends was in at the beginning of the year. Frees can be a great way for people to make social connections with others outside of their classes, but one can feel isolated from the community when it seems like everyone has someone else to talk to except for them. Those are the times when people make plans to hang out or talk about problems they are having at school (stress, getting a bad grade, fights with their friends, etc.), but one can't do this if they can't find anybody, something that relates to our theme of improving community engagement. I also noticed that when one walks out onto the main field, there are multiple small groups of people huddled together. It can feel intimidating to walk up to a group of people when they look like they are already having a lot of fun. Sometimes this isn’t the case as you have people in your class that have the same free as you, but almost everyone can relate to struggling to find someone with the same free as you don’t get lucky with every class you have.  
